Patent Blaster is offered under dual-licensing terms.  This means you may
accpet, use, modify, and distribute under the terms of either of the two
following licenses, at your discretion:

## MIT/X11 License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2013 David Stark

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


## Copyfree Open Innovation License

The Copyfree Open Innovation License (COIL) v0.5

Copyright (c) 2013 David Stark

Redistributions, modified or unmodified, in whole or in part, must retain
applicable copyright or other legal privilege notices, these conditions, and
the following license terms and disclaimer.  Subject to these conditions, the
holder(s) of copyright or other legal privileges, author(s) or assembler(s),
and contributors of this work hereby grant to any person who obtains a copy of
this work in any form:

1. Permission to reproduce, modify, distribute, publish, sell, sublicense, use,
and/or otherwise deal in the licensed material without restriction.

2. A perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable patent
license to reproduce, modify, distribute, publish, sell, use, and/or otherwise
deal in the licensed material without restriction, for any and all patents:

    a. Held by each such holder of copyright or other legal privilege, author
    or assembler, or contributor, necessarily infringed by the contributions
    alone or by combination with the work, of that privilege holder, author or
    assembler, or contributor.

    b. Necessarily infringed by the work at the time that holder of copyright
    or other privilege, author or assembler, or contributor made any
    contribution to the work.

NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND IS IMPLIED BY, OR SHOULD BE INFERRED FROM, THIS LICENSE
OR THE ACT OF DISTRIBUTION UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS, ASSEMBLERS, OR HOLDERS OF
COPYRIGHT OR OTHER LEGAL PRIVILEGE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES, OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE ARISING FROM, OUT
OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE WORK OR THE USE OF OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE WORK.
